## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-xBsHBR6BS/LSlO3cOyY2D/4KkmaHjlNn3NnXUMFFc14HLZD7vwVgS3+6U/WkHAra"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-0OZaeLK1yb5eP3nW4y0JP1fVharSrsuv/1mkI/6/8aRFm9laYIWIMXjCOqu+vRW5 /es/languages/c.js
sha384-G7WtwjMBNGrPly3ZsbPhfnT0v88hG3Ea9fQhrSWfzj7cNAsXsU7EKMQLyLGj7vTH /es/languages/c.min.js
sha384-Wjwd1YEG/PYlkLHTWIx+RlPK6XboMN3bEpveERJ8D8Z4RaNE02Ho19ZFrSRPGi0j /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-Q4zTNH8WsDVdSZbiZtzWS1HmAUcvMSdTmth9Uqgfjmx7Qzw6B8E3lC9ieUbE/9u4 /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-XcoPs3a4/IR69b/Dm+Q+u2pZ1mkg4OLQY3nregS20Zi93M17jhVxokvDNVBKwocg /es/languages/go.js
sha384-27jMAcMfx5pzlW2ntRUz1R22f43tLLOnYyDHss8iJBUi23iVzYrxbwQKY+LPU35B /es/languages/go.min.js
sha384-WFJdA9Hz+G9NQx5vPba/tcGyIibm57UkKVY32wNB/94iT2FmPma5W7gY8p2l6qps /es/languages/java.js
sha384-coaxfgI2lKuDqSxfMlfyPq5WM0THaLGyATZHzaFMrWdIbPcLdduuItTe6AmT/m33 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-bWwkdmOCj83zZ8/m+oPD9goRMhrPCb25ZA6aTyg7vcsq9IpuyED38kQSw1Na4UTZ /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-SqGSUq0DMQ0OUQnQnTuVDCJyhANd/MFNj+0PF67S+VXgHpR8A4tPsf/3GoSFRmrx /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-JBkI+6623OoC1qCgG+MY/Ta0qRYSzTDH4NGMA+7U8RNOjkh7geFvYpRidvdHs3zT /es/languages/php.js
sha384-6Znh5S5q9F0hGNMtdaihFL3RJeMqL1a/UecjgzaBrhoxe4sjd5aiEOgokt7blhSW /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-+5oyk7Ed3OlvEWGj8xracq/6e52BScKUN4kxcreNwB7kfRTVsAMs/aAJM58dzIFN /es/languages/python.js
sha384-ND/UH2UkaeWiej5v/oJspfKDz9BGUaVpoDcz4cof0jaiv/mCigjvy7RQ7e+3S6bg /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-VZxKf0mjKYDwZIgrW+InqDfJ0YwYUFEMw/4YmpV1oKtVXFVmVq/Ga1vgq6zKTUqS /languages/c.js
sha384-mWenE7UXKnmYRcJ3mh+Os3iZ43BmFf9x3AZMM6gi/2sT6vxouPWspbTdREwWDO3w /languages/c.min.js
sha384-J4Ge+xXjXgzbK2FP+OyzIGHLfKU/RR0+cH4JJCaczeLETtVIvJdvqfikWlDuQ66e /languages/cpp.js
sha384-LMyrRAiUz6we2SGvYrwDd4TJoJZ+m/5c+4n4E64KVkfWFcZdlrs4Wabr0crMesyy /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-lDCjdnxlW/GRZYzy4Zqkj833wJD7Hc2FP927RAtySEdrShMiUSXsWuFy1IC02qxU /languages/go.js
sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI /languages/go.min.js
sha384-pYIeBYeCE96U9EkPcT4uJjNWyrB1BKB41JIadYJbvmGa5KacaoXtSQOUpBfeyWQX /languages/java.js
sha384-uUg+ux8epe42611RSvEkMX2gvEkMdw+l6xG5Z/aQriABp38RLyF9MjDZtlTlMuQY /languages/java.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-U+zIQPoVdPCO0o4poik2hYNbHtNm+L5OojDTulgIeEZTNz+LooLAm72d66mNjwKD /languages/markdown.js
sha384-mCUujHHbWJEjcupTTfWOk9YR3YCYNHaA578+TTXUd4LPi7fGNuMQbysbl1pmcIGd /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-S1JDGPScVg8ikNKLZc4CSP0ZxLiJ7bOJMzTLfOzQiCxR6wPqAa+YtauHJXQpc2GV /languages/php.js
sha384-c1RNlWYUPEU/QhgCUumvQSdSFaq+yFhv3VfGTG/OTh8oirAi/Jnp6XbnqOLePgjg /languages/php.min.js
sha384-zdZio5RcGiKQJCpe/1IXujPle3bIY8sbmvCabSU5G5GzWAzZtoRZfg9QAQXCL08q /languages/python.js
sha384-IP4vv4Aoh9Lyg8QyzVkAmn2JGoDCpgVHzVSrD3Z+rVyn7+s4wx4pRjv+go3TEwfj /languages/python.min.js
sha384-fq2GXRVDr73g1G0Zaj0dS4dVrxHCUonWhMGFFk1/UC4zzH41qAkSlnh8WSJQTFJG /highlight.js
sha384-SGqa1aFLKTF5sAuROpVS6sZTjcZN755wpMmyh9VTKbzgmLvkuoC/DtHdj9a2JYmA /highlight.min.js
```

